Network runner docs (#439)
ava-labs/avalanche-docs: docs/build/tools/netrunner.md

# Network-runner

The network-runner tool allows to define, start and shutdown default or custom avalanchego networks for development and testing.

> **Please do not use this tool for running production nodes. We cannot take responsibility nor be able to give support in this case.**

## How to install
The network-runner repository is hosted at 

```
[https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner)
```

Opening that URL will display a README file with further details of this tool.

Clone the repository with
```
git clone https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner.git
```

## Supported backends
The tool can run nodes

* locally by spawning processes running on the same machine
* using a kubernetes network as a backend

The tool shares a common interface design, located at the `<REPOSITORY_ROOT>/network` package.
Then each backend implements its own runtime.

* Local: `<REPOSITORY_ROOT>/local`

> * Kubernetes: `<REPOSITORY_ROOT>/k8s`

Reviewer: Does `REPOSITORY_ROOT` refers to github directory? I don't see <REPOSITORY_ROOT>/local and/or <REPOSITORY_ROOT>/k8s

> # Network Runner

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Avalanche Network Runner
```

> The Avalanche Network Runner tool allows a user to define, create and interact with a network of Avalanche nodes. It can be used for development and testing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Avalanche Network Runner allows a user to define, create and interact with a network of Avalanche nodes. It can be used for development and testing.
```

**Note that this tool is not for running production nodes.**

## Installation

> The Network Runner repository is hosted at [https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Avalanche Network Runner repository is hosted at [https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner).
```

That repository's README details the tool.

Clone the repository with:

```
git clone https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner.git
```

Unless otherwise specified, file paths given below are relative to the root of this repository. 

## Usage

The basic pattern for using the Avalanche Network Runner is:

* Define the network
* Start the network
* Interact with it
* Shutdown

The [api](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner/tree/main/api) package contains client code that allows the user to make API calls to Avalanche nodes within the network.

Please find examples of usage in the [examples](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner/tree/main/examples) subdirectory.

## Supported Backends

> As you can see in the Network Runner's README, it exposes a `Network` interface to the user. There are two implementations of this interface that you may use. One is the [local](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner/tree/main/local) implementation, where each node runs in a process on your machine. The other is the [Kubernetes](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner/tree/main/k8s) implementation, where each node runs in its own Kubernetes pod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you can see in the README, a `Network` interface is exposed. There are two implementations of this interface that you may use. One is the [local](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner/tree/main/local) implementation where each node runs in an isolated process on your machine. The other is the [Kubernetes](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner/tree/main/k8s) implementation where each node runs in its own Kubernetes pod.
```

## Local Backend

> The simplest and most straightforward way to use the Network Runner is to use the local implementation. When you create a network with this tool, each node runs in a process on your machine. **Please note that the maximum size and performance of this network depend on your machine's specifications.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The simplest and most straightforward way to use the Avalanche Network Runner is to use the local implementation. When you create a network with this tool, each node runs in a process on your machine. **Please note that the maximum size and performance of this network depend on your machine's specifications.**
```

> An example can be found at [examples/local/main.go](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner/blob/main/examples/local/main.go). It is a simple setup which creates a network of 5 nodes, and performs some simple API calls.

Reviewer 3: needs to update to new location of example, probably the extended example to give more usage context

Author: I thought that the previous example remained unchanged, and was the actual example, while the new example was only for an interactive network, and thus imo doesn't need to be added here.

Reviewer 3: The previous exampled moved to https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanche-network-runner/blob/main/examples/local/indepth/main.go

Creating a network is as simple as:

```
network, err := local.NewDefaultNetwork(log, binaryPath)
```

where `log` is a logger of type [logging.Logger](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanchego/blob/master/utils/logging/logger.go#L12) and `binaryPath` is the path of the AvalancheGo binary that each node that exists on network startup will run.

For example, the below snippet creates a new network using default configurations, and each node in the network runs the binaries at `/home/user/go/src/github.com/ava-labs/avalanchego/build`:

```
network, err := local.NewDefaultNetwork(log,"/home/user/go/src/github.com/ava-labs/avalanchego/build")
```

> **Once you create a network, you must eventually call `Stop()` on it to make sure all of the nodes in the network stop.** Calling this method kills all of the Avalanche nodes that compose the network. You probably want to call this method in a `defer` statement to make sure it runs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Once you create a network, you must eventually call `Stop()` on it to make sure all of the nodes in the network stop.** Calling this method kills all of the Avalanche nodes in the network. You probably want to call this method in a `defer` statement to make sure it runs.
```

To wait until the network is ready to use, use the network's `Healthy` method. It returns a channel which will be notified when all nodes are healthy.

> Each node has a unique name. Use the network's `GetNodeNames()` method to get the names of all nodes.

Reviewer 3: The name of the methods is GetNodesNames. Probably GetNodeNames is better? Anyway the name is the former.

Author: You're right, although I believe that to be linguistically bad, but I am no native speaker so not sure.

Reviewer 3: Me neither. In such a case we can change the method name.

Reviewer 4: Changed in the library
